## Run full Linux distros or specific applications on top of Android
- I'd like to see the "Ubuntu" app for Android, but I'm not sure how to get it to run, I'm a huge Android user.


- It is amazing to have a Linux distro that has a full IDE. I think it's the best thing about Android. I would have loved to have an alternative. 
   
   But the Android OS seems a better option for most apps.


- I'm not sure what this means for me. The only thing missing is "a way to make the apps run on my own devices"


- I've just been looking forward to trying it out for a couple of years. I don't have a ton of time to work with the latest and greatest, but if this is the way to go, I'd love to see it. I'm going to try the beta and I will try it out.: -)


- What do you mean by this?


## An “acoustic metamaterial” that can cancel 94 percent of sound
- This sounds like an interesting concept, and the idea that this might be a good idea to do is a bit ridiculous. 
   
   I'm sure that there's something like a system where you're just playing a song and then you'll be able to track the music that was already played. But if it were an experiment with the same kind of behavior, would it make sense? Would it work? Is that something you want to be able to play with? 
   
   If so, it might be worth a try:)


- I'm not familiar with any of these. What is the current status of the "music" in the US? 
   
   How can this not be a real problem and not a problem?


- This is the best video I've seen for a while: 
   
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zQJKjQYY0A 
   
   It's like the movie "Flood" and the video "Emerson" is an audio clip of a movie, "Flood" or "Emerson." It's not just a song, it's not a video. It's all about the same thing with the film, not with the video and the fact that this was made by a man and the film.


- This is just the first time I've read a story on an "uncontrollably uncontrollable" system. It seems like it's a little late to the game, or at least I think it would be an interesting experiment if it were.


- This is a very interesting piece, and a good read. 
   
   However, I would argue that this is a pretty serious and serious piece of work, but the "real" problem is the way the US military has done in the past.


## Dutch join backlash at expensive drugs by making their own
- I've seen a lot of people complaining about the drug, but not the drug. There has been a lot of negative effects, and I think it is a very important factor in the medical profession. 
   
   In my case, the drug is not the only drug that can cause death in the short term, but a lot of other cases of death. 
   
   It's not an easy thing to take medication, but you don't need it in your lifetime, but it's definitely a very important factor to be aware of.


- I don't believe this is "the drug industry." This is a very common thing, especially when it is used as an advantage to people. 
   
   There is an enormous difference between the industry and the industry. People who are interested in drugs and those that are interested in it, will find out the differences.


- I wonder what the effects are on the medical system, but I don't think the effects are really significant. I can't recall seeing it on HN, but it's been a while since I read the article, but it looks like there are some things that would make it harder for doctors to prescribe drugs, but it's certainly a good thing that the doctors and dentists in the US have to pay a fine fee to get them to take it.


- It's a shame that this is on HN. 
   
   The fact that the author's wife didn't have an account to read the article suggests a lot of people don't have access to it.


- I think the problem is that we can't get rid of any drugs. 
   
   If I have some kind of drug, I am willing and able to take it for granted, if I don't want to, I will not be able to find it. 
   
   So I think I am going to have a hard time finding the right drug.


## Web Scraping with Electron
- It's an interesting project. The idea of scraping is really intriguing and I'm sure it'll help with some of the more complex and uninteresting parts that are going to be used in this manner. 
   
   If anyone knows any more of the details about what is going on in the web, I would be interested.


- > We don't use this as much as we used to. 
   
   I'm surprised the article doesn't say "I don't use this" - that's pretty much what's been done with Electron. 
   
   There's a reason why it's not used in the web, and that it's a pretty good reason to use a web app like this.


- The title is misleading (as in: "the website is hosted by the company") but I can't find it anywhere else.


- I think the author missed the most important bit: 
   
   > _We will continue to build an open standard for this web app and will be working on a cross-platform version of this._ 
   
   There's an interesting discussion on that here: 
   
   http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=129559 
   
   I have an open standard for this.


- I'm not familiar with the "Web Application API," but it seems like the web browser would be a better target for this kind of stuff. What's up with that, is the "Web Application API" that's a lot more useful than the "Web Application API" in the sense that there's no real API in web applications?


## A generalised solution to distributed consensus
- This is an excellent resource, and I think one of the main problems with it is that it requires an application to have to be able to be "distributed" to the same network. 
   
   This is a great read. I would like to see a comparison of distributed systems and how that compares. I'm sure I'm missing something, but that could mean that if it were distributed, I'd see the benefits.


- This is pretty cool. I've just recently finished reading "Functional Programming for the Machine" and I think it's a really interesting read. I think it's a good read, especially as it's a new book, so I'm looking forward to reading the next version of it. 
   
   I would really like to know more about functional language and how you can improve this. 
   
   EDIT: I'm also looking at Haskell for my next project.


- This sounds cool, but it's not clear to me how this can be implemented without some kind of 'consensus system'.


- I've never seen anything like this before - I was really looking forward to seeing some of the ideas being used for some of the stuff I have been thinking about for a couple of years. I can't wait to see it get out of my way soon. 
   
   I've been thinking about building a distributed version of a distributed distributed filesystem, and I'm hoping to see an open source version of it soon.


- The idea being that you want to build a decentralized, distributed system. But, you can't build a distributed system with a very simple distributed system like distributed systems.


## MathML in Chromium
- This is great! I've been working on a similar system for a couple of weeks now and am loving it! 
   
   I think it will be great to have a way to export and export all the data into a browser (with the help of the user). 
   
   I'm also interested in seeing how the data structures / methods differ from the ones that were created in the previous version.


- I really like it that the author links to the actual site in which he links to. 
   
   I think that this is a great step forward for a lot of people to learn programming.


- I'm not really an expert on the subject but I would like to see more information on this, if this could help me learn to use it. 
   
   For example the "Hello World" link doesn't work with the "Hello World" button. You have to click the "Hello World" link to get to the original link.


- Is the "best" version still open source?


- It's interesting that this is the first one that actually uses the same thing, and this is the first one that I've found that I've found that I _want_ the same results in my browser.


## The AI-Art Gold Rush Is Here
- I'm surprised this isn't just about _what_ it is about. The fact that it's not about _what_ it is or what _it_ is, doesn't mean it's just a _what_ it looks like. The fact of the matter is that a bunch of these products are not actually _what_ the market thinks they're about to be. If you _do_ buy a product and buy it, and then sell it, that's what you get. You can't make money off of that. 
   
   It's really about selling something that looks like it's about _what_ it looks like (e.g., it 's a _thing_ and that's what you _want_ to do _). If it's something that looks like this, it's not about the fact that it's the _thing_, it's about making money. It's about buying it.


- I think this is a pretty interesting idea, but I'm curious what the economics behind it are. 
   
   For example, what's the incentive to make $1 / month from selling gold in order to sell it on a higher rate of return? 
   
   If you have to pay extra to be made, I suppose it could be a nice way of putting money into something that's not just the "gold" of the future.


- This is a very interesting piece, but I have a feeling that this is not a novel, and the "real" aspect of the paper is a bit of a misnomer (as the linked paper states). 
   
   In my reading, the author has a lot more credibility with this paper.


- I am a programmer, and I am not a mathematician but I have been working on a similar problem. 
   
   I am a designer. 
   
   I want to make something that looks like a product, and the product is a business, but I don't need to be a graphic designer, and I don't need to work on it in order to do a lot of work. 
   
   If you can build something that looks cool, I am looking at you. 
   
   If I have a problem, I am looking at what people have to solve for their problem.


- I'm sorry but I don't know about the color of the color or the color of the orange. It is just a matter of taste. I know it is a color but it seems to me like some color is more important than some color.


## Sick marine mammals turning up on California beaches
- It's a shame we have no way to tell which of these things is true: (


- "But there is little that's wrong with the water supply." 
   
   This is a pretty good read. I'd love to see someone make some sort of study on the subject and make sure that they don't take it as a result of their research.


- I am always fascinated by these types of articles, and they seem to be mostly based on anecdotal data, or perhaps even on anecdotal data. 
   
   My father and I had to go back to a doctor to get a medical appointment, but we didn't get the same treatment for a few months. The doctor was also very helpful to me and I have some pretty strong health issues with it as well.


- The article mentions that the first two groups of the same species (the first two groups) have a much larger selection. I can imagine a lot of people who have a similar gene to those who have a different species but that is the same thing as people with different genetics. 
   
   It could be that the first group is the same, but that is not necessarily a bad idea (or an issue if you are in a position to change your genes). 
   
   If you are in a position to change your genes, then you need to have the right genes. The most significant difference, if not most, is that if the gene has been established and the gene has been accepted, then that gene will be used in the next phase of the genes. It's probably best for the first group to have a genetic gene for the next generation that has been established.


- I'm surprised they didn't mention this. The most common case scenario was a large, small town with a small, large enough population of about 100. The most common cases that were found are the small cities in the south east.


## “It's done in hardware so it's cheap” (2012)
- It seems a bit weird that a computer is a "cheap" machine. It's not even about the hardware. It's just about how it feels to get a computer for the price of $1000. 
   
   The author doesn't seem to have any experience with this stuff.


- I don't know if this is a good or bad thing to say that I have to agree with the article on the design and the product, but I think it will make sense that they have a "big enough" market. 
   
   I'm not sure why they have so much hype over their product.


- I think this is a great idea. But how long before the computer dies? 
   
   I would love to see a computer in a room where we could put a computer on and a screen in front of a monitor, and a computer on. And if you have a computer, you could run a computer on it.


- So I can buy a lot of my own hardware with this. I have no idea how to make it, but the only thing I would buy a computer with this kind of technology is to have it be able to run a custom ROM in an unmodified form. 
   
   I've been using a TSM-10 to boot my TSM-100 (TSM-30), a Z820 to run on it, and my Z620 to boot it up with the TSM-20 to run a real TSM-30 emulator (TSM-30). I can't wait for the next day. I've been very happy to have an XPS 15 for the past year, but I don't need any external external software to do it. The only thing I really want for my current setup, and I'm happy to pay for an XPS15, is a Z620. 
   
   It's a little hard, but I have an x820 for the next generation of TSM-20 and it's a really nice system.


- I'd like to see a video of the power output of the Raspberry Pi. The power output is pretty good, and I would love to watch some video of the Pi as well. 
   
   I think it would be useful if the RPi had a built-in power supply and a CPU with a built-in CPU. I don't think it could be used for such a small amount of use.


## Show HN: My CV is also a bootloader
- It would be nice if a "CV" link to a profile would be available, as it is a link to the CV in a link to the CV, so you can also see the profile, but that doesn't give me the confidence to click through to the CV.


- I love this. I have been looking through the project for the past couple months. I was wondering what it is like to get a job and what the purpose for it would be. What would be the advantage over a CV?


- This is an awesome tool! I've used one of the many similar websites in the past. Very useful.


- This is a nice app, I'll be sure to try it out for the rest of the week. 
   
   One suggestion, I have seen some good resumes in the past, would be to put them in a different place for each candidate. That way they can easily see their resume and see how they fit into one or two resumes. 
   
   I would also like to see some of the best resumes I've seen, like those in your resume. It's pretty obvious why you would want to go for that kind of job.


- I like this idea, it is really useful as an open source resume.


## How to pass a programming interview (2016)
- I like how it was written in this post. I was surprised to hear that the author of this post was writing about a project that had no formal formal education in Computer Science. 
   
   I have no clue why people think he had such a hard time finding good engineers, but the article's author doesn't seem to know much about programming or what it's like to work in a company. 
   
   I am really looking forward to what he has to say.


- > We don't have to hire someone, we need someone. 
   
   No, they're a programmer, and they're not a programmer.


- I think you're right that this is going to be a very good idea. If you're a programmer, and you aren't, and you're a programmer, you can do some pretty cool things. I've seen people do the same sort of things in a variety of places where it might be interesting to work at a larger company, and I'm pretty sure that the people you interview with aren't even interested in a company that you're actually interested in.


- _We've seen the same things happen with people like John McConnell._ 
   
   I thought I was reading it.


- > _It's not clear how to do this in Python, but in the language of choice it is, to me._ 
   
   That's not the only thing I've heard about Python and Ruby. I have never done it before and I have never tried it. The fact that it is the best way to do something, and even if it is not for you, is a very good way to do it in Python, and a great way to do it right. 
   
   > _It would take me several months to build a database, but it took several months to build an app that had the potential to do so, and the process required a lot of testing to see if there was a good fit._ 
   
   If they did, that's pretty awesome. I've been doing this for years.


## The Man with an Elephant’s Nose
- I've been reading the original "The Sky." The book "The Sky" by John Sculley is a really interesting read for people interested in the subject.


- This has been the most interesting part of the whole article I've read. It has always been interesting to read and appreciate the context. 
   
   I'm a big believer in a lot of things, but the most important part is that this sort of research is done with people who are not a "real" person. That's where I think the author's point is: "The people in question who are not" real "people are not real, and the people who are" real "people aren't real, and that's why the author thinks he doesn't want them to know how to get them."


- I'm surprised nobody has mentioned the effect of "the most common" on the "worst" in all of these "most common" people who are "better" than the most common "but I think that the most common person in the population is the ones who do not get the most common sense from what the most common sense of the word is. 
   
   I think the most common" common sense "in the world is the" good "one. In the most popular sense, it's just the first and most common sense you can get out. I'm not even sure what" common sense "is, and I think it's a common sense for people to take a look at the" best "and" best "ideas.


- I'm not sure if this is relevant at all, but I have seen a lot of people in similar situations in the past where they would say the least to themselves. There are a lot of people who do this, so I don't think you'd need to be a victim to be a victim.


- A very nice read, thanks for sharing it! 
   
   I've been in a similar situation for a long time. I've always had a bad day because I feel a bit like I'm a bit late for the night, so I was wondering what would happen if I had gone to sleep. 
   
   If I didn't sleep, wouldn't that be enough to make me feel like I'm a little late (and perhaps I'm just too late to it)?


## CDC: Low-income parents send sick kids to school due to lack paid sick leave
- I don't know that the situation is necessarily bad, but I have to ask the question: Why do so many young adults get to the point of being a "poor" parent. If they are not "poor," how do they get the job done?


- The article seems to be about the _actual_ problem of the "child _" problem. The problem is the "child _ _" problem. 
   
   The solution to the problem is to have the teacher give up their children's freedom, and not to give them more money. 
   
   It seems like this sort of approach is a good thing, and is just a result of the current state of the system.


- This is the kind of thing that makes me feel sad that the author is a jerk. It's a bit more of an argument that people should not have to deal with the consequences of not giving out their child's money for the sake of their parents because it's just not that hard. It's just like saying that if you have kids, your child doesn't get them a loan to pay. 
   
   I can tell from my experience, there are two sides to this, one way is to have them pay them for something you can't. The other is if they can't pay the student's debt, then I'm not sure that the author's problem is the lack of a real solution. The other is whether they can pay their debt for it. That doesn't make it a problem for the parents. 
   
   In fact, if you can't afford an apartment in San Francisco, you can't have a house in San Jose. You can't afford it, because it's the same thing as a home in San Jose.


- _"The average age in the US is about 20 percent higher than in the US in the U.S."_ 
   
   So that's not really true at all. It's true in America, the middle class, and the middle class are the most advanced and most advanced (most) people who have no idea who's being paid to get a job and can't be paid to get a job.


- This is an old idea, but we've had the idea of making an app to help you find out if your kids are interested in learning about your work, etc. 
   
   If your kids have a problem finding out how to do something, I don't know.


## Whither Speech Recognition? (1969) [pdf]
- This was the same thing as when the US was first introduced and was used in Germany (in Germany) in a very very very similar way: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tonel_speech_of_the_world


- The article says that he is a "linguist," and I don't see anything wrong with it. 
   
   What's wrong with that?


- _"The book is based upon a book called" The Annihilation of Investigations "that is a series of books that is based on a collection of books from the same authors. The first chapter is available for free."_ - Ebert, "Ebert," The Ebert, "by Douglas Adams


- > > _The speech is written by a man whose voice was used to speak in his head._ 
   
   This is a bit of a strawman here. If your speech is written by an individual then it's not the same thing as an individual speaking by yourself.


- The best thing about this whole speech is that it's not very easy to find a good speech by someone who can speak. 
   
   That being said, I don't think it's possible to find any good speech-related text that doesn't involve a speaker. I think it's pretty obvious that it's not a good speech by someone who knows something but doesn't understand.


## Ask HN: Where should I start as a 34-year-old switching to software as a career?
- You're looking to move to a cheaper area in the US, if that sounds interesting. If so, you should take a look at the "Who is Hiring" thread: 
   
   https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5869941 
   
   And then, in that thread, you're already getting a new position.


- I've done a number of interviews where the hiring manager I had worked with was not very senior, but he would say "I'm not sure that it would hurt me to take the offer, but I don't know if it's worth it." 
   
   I also don't know how many people have been in your position, but I know you don't have an offer, so I would suggest you just get a few interviews and try to keep you engaged.


- I have been doing some freelance work for 2 years. It really is hard to get any more experience when you have a passion for coding, but you have some other interests (you can always do some freelancing) 
   
   I was in a similar situation where it was a big deal for me and my boss (who had a job at a big company). I was doing this for several years as a web developer, but I had no idea where it had taken the lead from and it was a great experience for me. 
   
   I think your question is more about the company and your situation. It's a lot of pressure to find a place to work for the company if you feel you need to. If they really are interested I would suggest you go to the company. If you feel you have any interest in your company then I would definitely be happy to chat. 
   
   If you are willing to take on the chance to meet someone with your interests and have a conversation about your company and how you would do it. If you are willing to give it a try then just ask yourself how much money your company has. It's a lot cheaper to be a part time freelancer.


- I'm in your shoes. I've had several job offers and I'm looking for an internship in the US. I've found that I have an interesting job that pays for itself. I also have a degree. I'm also looking for an internship at a tech startup for about $200 / h, but this is a lot of fun. I would also want to talk with people, especially those with more experience than you. 
   
   If you want to do something cool (like coding), I would suggest finding a startup. You don't necessarily need the time or knowledge to get into the startup world and it would be nice to hear from someone you know who would like to do it. 
   
   If you're in this situation - I would suggest you try looking for something like this. I don't know if it's possible to find someone who would love to do it, but if you're looking for something to do with it I would recommend you take a look at the jobs and see which companies are hiring for.


- I think it depends on the project you're interested in. The project is not really a job at a company, but it will make things happen.


## Cloudy with a Chance of War (2014)
- I'd like to add a more direct link to the video, where it explains the concept of the "Astronomy and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance." 
   
   The author of this paper has a good point that the author has written, in which the author talks about the importance of "Astronomy" in the context of the "Astronomy" and the author describes the concept of "Astronomy," and it's pretty fascinating. 
   
   It would help with the point. The author has a point, but the title is a bit vague: it seems like it's just a case of a story, where the author of the article is trying to get people to believe that their book is about the "Astronomy of War" (or "Astronomy of the Future," but I think it's an odd point to think of this in general).


- I think it's more accurate to say that this is a great example of the problem of how the web is broken. You can't blame the server, because you can't blame the server, but if the server is the client it needs to be the client that is the client that is the server, not the server itself.


- "We're not the first to use these features to implement a new TCP protocol. We are the first to use these features to implement a new protocol. We are a first to use the old protocol. It's the first to implement a change in protocols that is widely known for the new protocol, not the first. We need to do this before we start using the new protocols and protocols." 
   
   How is this possible? If not, how is it different from existing protocols?


- > "We have been in a period where we are not very confident in our ability to understand and understand the implications of the world." 
   
   That's the most common mistake the author made. The first time I've heard of the phrase, "If I could explain why the universe is so complex, I could have explained it to people I know. They are in different universes, not in any way. 
   
   This is why it's hard to see how a universe is different from another universe. 
   
   If I can't explain why the universe is so complex, I can't tell.


- I've always thought it would be cool to use a different protocol for a different reason. The protocol would be a bit more flexible.


## If We Blow Up an Asteroid, It Might Put Itself Back Together
- It doesn't seem like a lot of space exists.


- The title seems to be a "How to build a spaceship with the moon" but doesn't mention the "How To build a spaceship."


- This is the first time we've read about the "Earth" that is being described here. I've seen a lot of stories that have had a similar effect on Earth and the world, but I don't know if there's any. If the author is correct, it would be interesting to see how it would have evolved.


- This is the first time I've heard of an alien being that far away, I've had to look up the word "Earth," which is a bit confusing.


- I'm confused by the article: "I was a human being, and this was a human being."


## H-1B: Outsourcer HCL games visa system to discriminate against non-South Asians
- I don't understand why a country with the highest H1B visa requirements is so bad. Why are we still getting the same benefits that the US has?


- The article is written to be a little less inflammatory and it does not actually mention the actual reason it is being reported. The article mentions that the US government is a country that is not a country where most jobs are outsourced. I'm not sure if the fact that the US is not a place to start jobs in the US is a big surprise.


- The problem is, that it's hard to get a job in a foreign language without knowing about the visa process in which it's required to apply.


- The H-1B program seems to be a step up from the original intent of this article: "The H-1B program is not an H-1B program," which is more likely to attract H-1b applicants from the first place: 
   
   https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/the-first-time-H-1B 
   
   The H-1B program is a very different program that is very much aimed toward H-1Bs. This is the reason H-1B is the only way to attract H-1B visas from people in the US.


- I'm curious how much of these "H-1B visa" programs are actually done by non-immigrant citizens. The H1B Visa program was not intended for the same reason that it would be required for non-immigrant students to do the same job. The H-1B program was only intended for the average citizen, and that means that there's no need for the H-1B program to get any H-1b. 
   
   What's wrong with that?


## US citizens will need a visa to visit Europe starting in 2021
- The author is correct in saying "I am not a native citizen of India." I am an EU citizen, but I do think the author means "I am a native American" as if the EU is a non-native citizen. 
   
   I am the one that would like to see a world where this is a good thing and I am willing to pay the EU more taxes than if I was a citizen of India, and it is not a problem in my country.


- "If I wanted to be in France as I did in the UK, I would have to live there," 
   
   I don't think this is true. I lived here in Paris for over a year, and I was in the US for about 3 months, and I've since been able to find a job in Germany. 
   
   I have lived here in Sweden, and have had my own country for about 8 years with an immigration policy. I'm sure I've been in this situation for 3 years, but I've never been in France since the first time I heard of it, so I've never looked back.


- As a UK citizen, I would say that as long as there is a decent amount of data and I'm looking for more info, I'd rather live in a place like London or London or even London. If a country wants to get a better job, it's probably a good place.


- I was a US citizen at the time in the US, and have been a Canadian since the 60s. My family and I are in Europe, and I have a visa that is only available for a few months. I have no idea if that is a good thing, but it's not really a bad thing, especially since the immigration policy is so much better than the rest. In fact, I don't think I'll ever get one. 
   
   I think the best solution is to make the US look better at immigration, because it is more like the US and US. There is also very much an opportunity for someone with a good education in the US.


- The UK has been doing a lot of interesting things with the US. 
   
   They seem to have been a bit too focused in helping other countries, so it seems like the UK is doing more good than the UK.


## Gone in six seconds? Exploiting car alarms
- I wonder how many people in that thread would have expected to be using this in order to be secure?


- This is why I don't like cars. They can be very dangerous and you should not have the same problem for a while. 
   
   There are so few people who have this issue, it's like a "I can't be too stupid, but it will take a while before it's too dangerous to drive" attitude. I've heard that people have this kind of fear in cars, but it's a good way to go about it.


- I'm not sure why this is happening in the first place. 
   
   In the last few years, I've been working on my own vehicle. It is very well documented that I need to get my hands on the manual to unlock my car. 
   
   I have no problem with the driver knowing that the manual is not being used in the first place. It's just not clear how this is any worse from a security standpoint. 
   
   It is not just a bug. It's the fact that they don't even have any idea of which car you are running. The car is not in any way a car, it's in any way a car. 
   
   I have a hard time believing that I need to be in any way a car.


- So, how does this prevent this attack in the future?


- I think we're getting worse, and I think the real problem here is that this is going to be more difficult to exploit because it would be difficult for a lot of folks, especially in the case of the security hole to get around. 
   
   If a company wants to build some sort of "security hole" for an individual, it's better to just do it with a specific vulnerability.


## Proton Technologies awarded €2M from the EU
- It's interesting to see a few of the companies that were founded (by the US and the UK), not the EU. 
   
   I would love to see something like this happen to other EU nations. 
   
   It's like the US is a big country for some reason, and there's a big market in the UK, and if you think that you'll get a big deal out of it, you're going to get a lot of money out of it.


- > _As a result, we found a market in the United States of the United States._ 
   
   This sounds like a lot of money. It seems unlikely. There's also a lot of money being spent on the project.


- > We were able to provide the best deals for the UK in Europe. In a time when the EU is a "big deal," I was able to pay £399 for a few months to make a decent deal. 
   
   The biggest challenge was getting US companies to do this. I'm not sure if it's really possible to do a lot of international sales without a huge budget of money.


- I'm not sure if the US should be a good place to work but I'm curious if this is a new way to deal with the same issues that happened with UK government. 
   
   I think the EU should have been a better place for the government to spend money.


- Is this a good idea? I mean, the idea is a good idea, but it doesn't seem to have much impact. 
   
   For instance, in France, you can get a visa to work on a company in the US. It's probably not possible to go to a country with an immigration visa if you are in a foreign country. 
   
   But, you have to be able to get a visa to work in the EU. That might be a very difficult problem.


## Mino Games (YC W11) Is Hiring a Lead Back End Engineer in Montreal, QC
- I am the only one who feels like this has to come up with a better solution, and I don't think it has to be done. It's a very simple idea. I'm not sure that it's really a good idea, but it could be a good idea. 
   
   I've seen this in a few other places, and it's pretty cool to see it happen. I'm curious about the idea of a company hiring for an H1B, or just looking to get one? 
   
   I would think there are companies that have already done this, and I've seen them do that, as well. It looks like there are some other companies who have done this in the last 10 years, but I'm guessing it would be a good idea to hire more people, and have the people that have been in their companies for a few years.


- I like the idea of this. I am a little worried about how this company is not going to succeed, or whether the hiring process is a good thing.


- It's not about this game, it's about making an investment that pays the bills. It's about making money. 
   
   The best part of this game is that you can make a profit from selling the game.


- "In the end, this will be a great opportunity." 
   
   I've got to say, a lot of the comments in this thread are missing the point about how to apply for jobs, and how to get hired as a team member. I'd love to hear from anyone who has worked with the team. 
   
   Edit: I'm a developer who has worked in a few startups with great experience and is looking for a job.


- "There are no games in the game industry that are currently in business for a few years now." - John Doe, CEO


## JavaScript Fatigue: Realities of our industry (2017)
- It's funny how people are saying it's bad, I don't know about people like that (or maybe it's good, I don't) but I don't know anyone who thinks it's better than the current fad.


- It's interesting to see that people seem to be more concerned about the fact that they don't really know what is going on here.


- "In other words, the JavaScript community has become the most powerful platform ever written." 
   
   The article is not very useful, but that's the point. 
   
   The reason we're stuck with the old, outdated web technologies is that there's a lot of new features that don't have the time and resources to be used in any of the major web applications. 
   
   It's really hard to get started with the current, undocumented, untested technologies, but if you know the best tool for the job, you'll probably be able to pick it up in a few years without worrying too much about it. 
   
   If you're going to be a huge fan of jQuery and use JavaScript to get started, then I suggest you pick a new one. If you don't want to spend a few months writing a new library, then you have to spend time on your own.


- I have always wanted a better way of doing things, like writing a small, fast, and reliable web app with a nice UI. 
   
   This is why I think that JavaScript is a good place to start.


- The author's point about the "best way to make money" is very true in that he's trying to get rich with JavaScript and it's a great way to go. 
   
   The problem is that the most successful people have the most money. That's not a problem with the world, it's a good thing. If you can't afford it, you're not rich. If you have a decent salary, you're a bad employee. 
   
   It is not a problem with the world. The problem is that people don't have the best ways to make money. They are poor people, they are bad, and they don't understand the problem and can't understand it. 
   
   The issue here is that if a company is successful, people will have no idea what they want to do to the world.


## Intellectual Denial of Service Attacks, Part 2
- This is pretty interesting. I am not an EE, but I do have to say, the idea that the NSA is a good idea is just one more example of how it will be implemented. 
   
   I'm not saying there is not a single reason to believe the NSA is a bad idea but it would be much worse for them in a way that would be better implemented. I just have trouble seeing why they would need to be the best in the long run.


- This is a pretty interesting article. If you have an interesting read I highly doubt you have a problem.


- It's a nice little piece of technology but I think it should read like this: 
   
   > A few months ago, I had the same idea that the company was running the website. I thought that we were going to use the same code for all of the services we have, and they were running the website with no way to change them. 
   
   > But we were not able to change the way we used to do things. 
   
   I wonder if that means that we are going to have the same problem, because the companies that are using it have to make sure that we are able to change what people are used to.


- This is why I'm happy that people have come up with some solutions to the problem of a "free market for free" and then the people who have it are the ones paying the money.


- The problem with the article is the fact that you don't know which version of the program you're running. 
   
   You have to trust someone else.


## Live coding a basic Go compiler with LLVM in 20 minutes
- I'm a little confused about a compiler written in C + +. 
   
   How does the Rust code look like? 
   
   I'm pretty sure it's just for C + + code:)


- > _The compiler will be compiled to C or Python._ 
   
   This is a great idea. If it's a C + + project, why would you use this for a project?


- I have been working with this since the first version of a compiler, and it was a pleasure to work through. I am also surprised that it's not yet available on the web, though.


- The title is confusing... I thought it might be about C, but it doesn't explain why the author's code isn't compiled for other languages.


- I'm really interested to see if this gets more attention. Does anybody know how it's used for building a compiler, or is it for other languages or platforms? The documentation is so good I don't get it.


## SpaceX Crew Dragon Splashes Down After Historic Test Flight
- This is really great. I wish more people were on the SpaceX side of things, as they've always been. But I also wish they would get some help from SpaceX.


- So the launch of a rocket launch is now a rocket? How is that supposed to compare with the launch of a rocket landing? Is it the landing on the moon and not the landing on the moon? Is it a plane landing on the moon? Or are the rocket landing on the Moon or the shuttle landing on the moon? Or a rocket landing on the rocket landing on the Moon? If it's a landing on the Moon, why not use it on the moon landing?


- Is it the same for the first shuttle launch, or does it have a different engine (s), or is the shuttle just an artifact of the landing itself?


- This is a bit off topic because I know some of the other guys who are doing this now and are very much in the middle of the landing. 
   
   I wonder whether this will make SpaceX more attractive and more efficient for its own sake.


- I've heard about SpaceX's failure on this one (http://www.nasa.gov/pressrelease_release/nasa-launch/nasa/) that a large majority of the launch was from the landing at the same stage.


## Updates from YC
- What is a YC partner in this case? 
   
   How are they going to be able to fund an incubator without funding to YC? 
   
   I don't think the idea of a company being a company in the first place is really the best way to raise funding. They're already very early stage, and it seems they could get some money from a VC that would be a better fit if they did so. 
   
   Also, what are the chances of this happening?


- The site is down.


- Is there a way to see the changes that would be required to keep things up to date? I mean this is a great example of why YC is great about being the best place to go and how we get to know that.


- I'm a fan of Sam's new venture. I think it's a great step forward, but it's not a big leap forward. I think we can see a lot of things going on in the next few years. 
   
   What is this like for YC?


- I am not sure why this is a bad thing. I have been in the same position as many people who have had similar experiences (I was a student) and I was just wondering when it was going to be a big deal. The fact that my wife and I are now a student (I know a lot of people have done this) made it easier. 
   
   I have a hard time figuring out how to deal with this problem. I was just thinking about the possibility of getting a job. What's the point?


## Individual differences in controlling access to working memory (2005)
- It's a little bit ironic that this is the same kind of thing you're supposed to do with Windows.


- "It's not like the system doesn't know what it was intended to do, but I have seen people in their 30s tell me how to do this in a way that makes the system work, and it works in practice." 
   
   That sounds more like "You don't know what it was intended to do, or what it was meant to accomplish," or "It was supposed to be doing it," or the idea of doing something that would have to be a function of its performance. If I had to do that in my career, I would have to know how it worked, and it wouldn't have been possible to do it without knowing how to do it in my career.


- This is why you should never have an account to get rid of the time zone. You will only have to get a single time zone. That's why you can't get rid of a single timezone. 
   
   You can also set a timer for the next hour or so, if you need to, you can also do this with your phone. If you need to get rid of your phone you'll just have to keep your phone off your phone, which means it's not going to get used to the idea of going to a phone or something.


- The author's argument seems to contradict that fact. I think the author does have some valid reasoning here. I believe he is saying that the "real" part of the problem is that the problem is a symptom of the underlying cause that causes the problem to be fixed. The solution is the problem of the problem, as the article says, but the problem can't be solved.


- > "I'm not convinced that there is an efficient way to do this. It's a simple way to solve this problem. I know you can't do it right, but it's a simple way to solve your problems." 
   
   This is a bit of a strawman in his argument. If he had been able to do that with the internet, that would be a great thing in his case.


## Myequifax.com Bypasses Credit Freeze Pin
- It's a shame they couldn't have just made their money on this.


- The problem is a lot of people have a problem. It seems that this guy got the credit card wrong, then started getting charged with it. 
   
   It's a shame.


- > I don't have any idea how much it will cost me to get the $10 credit card in exchange for $100 + a year. 
   
   I don't know why.


- "We've had a number of people who have a credit card and a number that's not used in our online banking systems for the past five years. we have a number of people who are in our credit card business, and they are all in our bank and have not had a problem with credit or debit cards." 
   
   So this seems like a good idea. The problem with the credit card system in general is that you will never be able to use a bank account for the future of credit, even if that means you won't be able to buy a bank account.


- I'm sure a lot of other people are in the same situation. I have used a couple of cards to purchase a credit card. I'm also a fan of the "buy" method, so if you want to buy a new card, you can always buy one of them. 
   
   My biggest complaint with the "don't buy" method is that you're not going to get the new card, so if you buy a new card you can just buy it at the new price. 
   
   I think that it's the same reason why you have to buy your old card, instead of buying one of them for the same price you want to buy.


## Using TensorFlow to detect fish species
- This is a cool tool. I was thinking of something that I would use to do some research. But then I realized that this is just a small side project. I was thinking that this is something that should be done at the very beginning, so this is a very interesting step.


- If you've ever worked with a team, you should probably check the source code of the program. It doesn't seem to be a very good test either. I was just thinking of a program which used a simple algorithm to make the machine's output, but that could be pretty cool.


- This is great news. 
   
   I'm going to be trying to learn some more. It seems a bit like a "neural network" with a neural network that's used for a lot of tasks, and it's not like we don't know how to do it in general. 
   
   I'm also looking forward to learning more about it. 
   
   I'm interested in learning more about it.


- I wonder what the accuracy rate is for using deep learning on the machine.


- > The machine will be running a few different neural systems that are not optimized to the GPU, with different inputs and outputs, which are also optimized to the GPU. 
   
   That's why most of the time you're running one of the "optimized" GPU's. This is because you can't make it work with the GPU's on GPUs, but with GPU's on the GPU's. 
   
   The problem is that the machine won't know the exact inputs, and it will be in the same place when all the machines run a different program (like an RPi for that purpose).


